README.md, before:

# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## React Compiler

The React Compiler is not enabled on this template. To add it, see [this documentation](https://react.dev/learn/react-compiler/installation).

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend using TypeScript with type-aware lint rules enabled. Check out the [TS template](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/tree/main/packages/create-vite/template-react-ts) for information on how to integrate TypeScript and [`typescript-eslint`](https://typescript-eslint.io) in your project.

Commit message:

Revise README for API lessons and Vite setup
Updated README to focus on API lessons and Vite configuration.

README.md, after:

# API LESSONS

## React + Vite Configuration
- npm create vite@latest react --template-react
- TailwindCSS for styling - npm install tailwindcss @tailwindcss/vite
- Include the tailwindcss in vite.config.js
- Code example below
  import { defineConfig } from 'vite'
  import react from '@vitejs/plugin-react'
  import tailwindcss from '@tailwindcss/vite'
  
  // https://vite.dev/config/
  export default defineConfig({
    plugins: [react(),tailwindcss()],
  })

  ## API Approach
  - Used built in "Fetch" to practice on small project
  - Used method such as POST, GET, PUT, DELETE mimicking a backend server
  - User can add, delete, reload page
  - Implemented API consuming using "https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/users" for real time practice
  - Use try-catch block to handle errors
  - Since practice I intend to use async approach for promising sake.
  - For best practice and industry, I made use of third party API "AXIOS"
  - Used the following to install axios
    npm install axios [Node Package Manager]
    yarn add axios
    bower install axios
    pnpm add axios
   <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/axios/dist/axios.min.js"></script> [Don't use for production-ready app]
